# CS250
This is the final project submission for CS250 - SDLC

# How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this? How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work? What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?

In order to interpret the needs of the user you start with some form of system analysis to figure out how you'd solve the problem froma systems perspective. The most common way of doing this is asking the current users for their feedback on what can be imporoved or added. Next, this gets added to the user story. This is a tool that is used in agile development. It helps you understand the end-user and empathasize with them. It is most beneficial for figuring out what problem needs to be solved and breaking it down into smaller problems. There are two ways to collaboratively build software - waterfall and agile. Waterfall is great for when you're building something in a large enterprise or in the governemnt that requires detailed planning and you know that you're lookign for a very specific output. Agile is more common for consumer technology because it changes so fast for what the users want. In my opinion a good team member follows the rule and standards to the "T", documents their code well, writes OOP well, and is very detail orientated. If they can do all of this while being fun to work with and a nice person they are a great engineer.
